- [Instructor] I'm going to start this with an introduction
to the S3 Console in AWS.
Like you to go ahead and open up your browser
and navigate to AWS.Amazon.com.
Go ahead and click sign in.
You'll enter your username and then your password.
At this point, you're going to see the AWS landing page.
Now there's a couple ways to get to the S3 console.
You can search for it in the find services dialog
or you can use the menu at the top of the screen
where it says services, drop that list down,
and either search or select it from the list
and if you've actually been to S3 as I have been recently,
you'll see it in the recently visited services.
So for this course today, let's open up services,
go ahead and filter by S3 and then select it.
You'll see in the dialog that there's lots of options.
Now you may or may not have a bucket created.
In this case, I have one that's showing up
but if you don't, that' fine.
Everything will still work the same.
The create button that we will see no matter what
is just for that purpose.
It's to create a bucket.
All binary objects must be stored in buckets.
Buckets and the name of that bucket must be globally unique.
So you'll see a lot of unavailable options as well
but we'll explain those later
as we go throughout the course.
On the left side, you will see that there's an option
for batch operations.
Let's go ahead and select that.
You can see by reading this page that this allows you to run
a batch operation against a selected list of objects.
Now again on the left side, there's an access analyzer.
As we build some buckets, we may revisit this view as well
and I definitely encourage you to do so,
so that you can see how
the access analyzer is actually working.
So let's go ahead and return to the buckets selection
on the left side.
I do encourage you to feel free
to play around a little bit here
but especially take a look at the top right
where it says discover the console.
That's a great opportunity for you
to get more in depth information
about how this console operates from Amazon directly.